OSDOCS-4347: Account Information: installing-aws-localzone created from cloudformation (#54535)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-generate-aws-user-infra-install-config.adoc

By setting this option, you create an internal Ingress Controller and a private load balancer.
endif::restricted[]

ifdef::localzone[]
. Edit the `install-config.yaml` file to provide the subnets for the availability zones that your VPC uses:
+
[source,yaml]
----

> compute:

Reviewer: Did they change the format of the `install-config.yaml` file? All of the reference files that we have separates the compute and control plane definitions into separate stanzas and treats them differently. It's been awhile, but the installer team asked that we promote using the installation program to generate the initial `install-config.yaml` file whenever possible to make sure that users are starting from a file that's compatible with their version, just in case.

platform:
  aws:
    subnets: <1>
    - subnet-1
    - subnet-2
    - subnet-3
----

> <1> Add the `subnets` section and specify the `PublicSubnetIds` from the output of the CloudFormation template for the VPC.

Reviewer: This is supposed to be the public subnets, right?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, you must include the private subnet here too. Take a look in my suggestion below.

>     subnets: <1>
>     - subnet-1
>     - subnet-2
>     - subnet-3
> ----
> <1> Add the `subnets` section and specify the `PublicSubnetIds` from the output of the CloudFormation template for the VPC.

Reviewer 2: This is one of the most important piece of the documentation, this will be the unique part when installing in existing VPC, and here should be have both subnetIDs for **both** CloudFormation executions. So I would improve this example to keep closer to the real values.
Let me take some suggestions of what could be, feel free to adapt:

```suggestion
    subnets: <1>
    - publicSubnetId-1  <2>
    - publicSubnetId-2
    - publicSubnetId-3
    - privateSubnetId-1
    - privateSubnetId-2
    - privateSubnetId-3
    - publicLocalZoneSubnetId-1  <3>
----
<1> Add the `subnets` section and specify the `PrivateSubnetIds`, and `PublicSubnetIds` from the outputs of the CloudFormation templates for the VPC and Local Zones.
```
